README.md, before:

# airbnb-browser-shims <sup>[![Version Badge][2]][1]</sup>

Browser and JS language shims used by Airbnb.

Just require/import `airbnb-browser-shims`, and the environment will be shimmed.

```js
import 'airbnb-browser-shims';
```

## Included shims

 - JS language shims from [airbnb-js-shims](https://github.com/airbnb/js-shims)
 - [ima-babel6-polyfill](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ima-babel6-polyfill) - fixes Babel 6 bugs with `super` calls in IE 9 and 10
 - [document.contains](https://developer.mozilla.org/en/docs/Web/API/Node/contains)
 - [webrtc-adapter](https://www.npmjs.com/package/webrtc-adapter) - A shim to insulate apps from WebRTC spec changes and browser prefix differences
 - [classlist-polyfill](https://www.npmjs.com/package/classlist-polyfill) - Element.prototype.classList polyfill (only in browsers)
 - [raf](https://www.npmjs.com/package/raf) - requestAnimationFrame polyfill for browsers and node
 - [requestIdleCallback](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ric-shim)
 - [matchmedia-polyfill](https://github.com/paulirish/matchMedia.js/) - window.matchMedia polyfill (only in browsers)
 - [whatwg-fetch](https://github.com/github/fetch) - fetch polyfill (only in browsers, supports IE9+)

## Only browser shims

If you only want to bring in the browser shims and not the JS language shims
(from `airbnb-js-shims`), you can import `airbnb-browser-shims/browser-only`. If
you choose this route, you will want to be sure that you are properly bringing
in the language shims for the browsers you support somehow. For example:

```js
import 'airbnb-js-shims/target/es2015';
import 'airbnb-browser-shims/browser-only';
```

[1]: https://npmjs.org/package/airbnb-browser-shims
[2]: http://versionbadg.es/airbnb/browser-shims.svg

Commit message:

[New] polyfill Symbol.iterator on TouchList

README.md, after:

# airbnb-browser-shims <sup>[![Version Badge][2]][1]</sup>

Browser and JS language shims used by Airbnb.

Just require/import `airbnb-browser-shims`, and the environment will be shimmed.

```js
import 'airbnb-browser-shims';
```

## Included shims

 - JS language shims from [airbnb-js-shims](https://github.com/airbnb/js-shims)
 - [ima-babel6-polyfill](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ima-babel6-polyfill) - fixes Babel 6 bugs with `super` calls in IE 9 and 10
 - [document.contains](https://developer.mozilla.org/en/docs/Web/API/Node/contains)
 - [webrtc-adapter](https://www.npmjs.com/package/webrtc-adapter) - A shim to insulate apps from WebRTC spec changes and browser prefix differences
 - [classlist-polyfill](https://www.npmjs.com/package/classlist-polyfill) - Element.prototype.classList polyfill (only in browsers)
 - [raf](https://www.npmjs.com/package/raf) - requestAnimationFrame polyfill for browsers and node
 - [requestIdleCallback](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ric-shim)
 - [matchmedia-polyfill](https://github.com/paulirish/matchMedia.js/) - window.matchMedia polyfill (only in browsers)
 - [whatwg-fetch](https://github.com/github/fetch) - fetch polyfill (only in browsers, supports IE9+)
 - `TouchList[Symbol.iterator]` - when `Symbol` and `TouchList` are both present

## Only browser shims

If you only want to bring in the browser shims and not the JS language shims
(from `airbnb-js-shims`), you can import `airbnb-browser-shims/browser-only`. If
you choose this route, you will want to be sure that you are properly bringing
in the language shims for the browsers you support somehow. For example:

```js
import 'airbnb-js-shims/target/es2015';
import 'airbnb-browser-shims/browser-only';
```

[1]: https://npmjs.org/package/airbnb-browser-shims
[2]: http://versionbadg.es/airbnb/browser-shims.svg
